CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contribution guidelines

First off, thank you for considering contributing to {{project-name}}.

If your contribution is not straightforward, please first discuss the change you
wish to make by creating a new issue before making the change.

## Reporting issues

Issues have to be reported on our [issue tracker][issue-tracker]. Please:

- Check that the issue has not already been reported.
  - This can be achieved by searching keywords on the [issue tracker][issue-tracker].
- Try to use a clear title, and describe your problem with complete sentences.

[issue-tracker]: https://github.com/{[username]}/{{project-name}}/issues

## Pull requests

Try to do one pull request per change.

### Updating the changelog

Update the changes you have made in
[CHANGELOG](https://github.com/{[username]}/{{project-name}}/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
file under the **Unreleased** section.

Add the changes of your pull request to one of the following subsections,
depending on the types of changes defined by
[Keep a changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/):

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

If the required subsection does not exist yet under **Unreleased**, create it!

## Developing

### Set up

This is no different than other Rust projects.

```shell
git clone https://github.com/{[username]}/{{project-name}}
cd {{project-name}}
cargo build
```

### Useful Commands

- Build and run release version:

  ```shell
  cargo build --release && cargo run --release
  ```

- Run Clippy:

  ```shell
  cargo clippy --all
  ```

- Run all tests:

  ```shell
  cargo test --all
  ```

- Check to see if there are code formatting issues

  ```shell
  cargo fmt --all -- --check
  ```

- Format the code in the project

  ```shell
  cargo fmt --all
  ```

Commit message:

CONTRIBUTING: simplify "Reporting issues" section

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contribution guidelines

First off, thank you for considering contributing to {{project-name}}.

If your contribution is not straightforward, please first discuss the change you
wish to make by creating a new issue before making the change.

## Reporting issues

Before reporting an issue on the
[issue tracker](https://github.com/{[username]}/{{project-name}}/issues),
please check that it has not already been reported by searching for some related
keywords.

## Pull requests

Try to do one pull request per change.

### Updating the changelog

Update the changes you have made in
[CHANGELOG](https://github.com/{[username]}/{{project-name}}/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
file under the **Unreleased** section.

Add the changes of your pull request to one of the following subsections,
depending on the types of changes defined by
[Keep a changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/):

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

If the required subsection does not exist yet under **Unreleased**, create it!

## Developing

### Set up

This is no different than other Rust projects.

```shell
git clone https://github.com/{[username]}/{{project-name}}
cd {{project-name}}
cargo build
```

### Useful Commands

- Build and run release version:

  ```shell
  cargo build --release && cargo run --release
  ```

- Run Clippy:

  ```shell
  cargo clippy --all
  ```

- Run all tests:

  ```shell
  cargo test --all
  ```

- Check to see if there are code formatting issues

  ```shell
  cargo fmt --all -- --check
  ```

- Format the code in the project

  ```shell
  cargo fmt --all
  ```
